README.md, before:

# RGB2MQTT

[![PyPI Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/rgb2mqtt.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/rgb2mqtt/)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rubenpeters91/rgb2mqtt)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Imports: isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)

This is a Python script that will act as a brige between an [OpenRGB](https://openrgb.org/) server and an MQTT broker (like Mosquitto).
Useful for if you want to control your PC RGB lights via [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) for example.

This script is inspired by the original script from [ghomasHudson](https://gist.github.com/ghomasHudson/7cc24aa187e8141003073e36e068a5a2) and the fork from [buttercheetah](https://gist.github.com/buttercheetah/6cf0c81a5a45404f00736f4ce52aaf97).
This script is licensed under the MIT license, so feel free to try or change it yourself!

## Installation

Use `pip install rgb2mqtt` to install the package.
If you are running an older Python version (<3.11) you also need to install tomli: `pip install tomli`

## Configuration

Configuration is stored in a `config.toml` file, see the `config.toml.example` file.

To generate a configuration file run the `rgb2mqtt-config` script after installing.

Be aware that in the device map section, you need to list the name of the OpenRGB device exactly as key.
To figure out which devices are supported by OpenRGB, see the `notebooks/tryout_openrgb_sdk.ipynb` file.

## Usage

The run the script, use `python src/rgb2mqtt/rgb2mqtt.py`, or use `rgb2mqtt-run` after installing.

If you want this script to autostart when your PC turns on (on Windows), use the `rgb2mqtt-autostart` command.

Commit message:

Update configuration file and logging settings

README.md, after:

# RGB2MQTT

[![PyPI Latest Release](https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/rgb2mqtt.svg)](https://pypi.org/project/rgb2mqtt/)
![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/license/rubenpeters91/rgb2mqtt)
[![Code style: black](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-black-000000.svg)](https://github.com/psf/black)
[![Imports: isort](https://img.shields.io/badge/%20imports-isort-%231674b1?style=flat&labelColor=ef8336)](https://pycqa.github.io/isort/)

This is a Python script that will act as a brige between an [OpenRGB](https://openrgb.org/) server and an MQTT broker (like Mosquitto).
Useful for if you want to control your PC RGB lights via [Home Assistant](https://www.home-assistant.io/) for example.

This script is inspired by the original script from [ghomasHudson](https://gist.github.com/ghomasHudson/7cc24aa187e8141003073e36e068a5a2) and the fork from [buttercheetah](https://gist.github.com/buttercheetah/6cf0c81a5a45404f00736f4ce52aaf97).
This script is licensed under the MIT license, so feel free to try or change it yourself!

## Installation

Use `pip install rgb2mqtt` to install the package.
If you are running an older Python version (<3.11) you also need to install tomli: `pip install tomli`

## Configuration

Configuration is stored in a `config.toml` file, see the `config.toml.example` file.

To generate a configuration file run the `rgb2mqtt-config` script after installing. To find the location of the saved config file see [Logs and config location](#logs-and-config-location)

Be aware that in the device map section, you need to list the name of the OpenRGB device exactly as key.
To figure out which devices are supported by OpenRGB, see the `notebooks/tryout_openrgb_sdk.ipynb` file.

## Logs and config location

The log file and config file will be written to a folder under:
- `Users\username\AppData\Roaming\rgb2mqtt\` when using Windows
- `/home/username/rgb2mqtt/` when using Linux

## Usage

The run the script, use `python src/rgb2mqtt/rgb2mqtt.py`, or use `rgb2mqtt-run` after installing.
All logging will be written to the log file, unless you use the verbose option (`rgb2mqtt-run -v`) in which case the logging is written to stdout.

If you want this script to autostart when your PC turns on (on Windows), use the `rgb2mqtt-autostart` command.
